Update using-fleet/fleet-ui doc page (#7599)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/Fleet-UI.md

# Fleet UI

> - [Create a query](#schedule-a-query)

Reviewer: Is this the correct destination for creating a query?

Author: Nope. Great catch. Thank you.

I fixed these anchor links.

- [Run a query](#run-a-query)
- [Schedule a query](#configuring-agent-options)

<div purpose="embedded-content">
   <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1VNvg3_drow" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Create a query

Queries in Fleet allow you to ask a multitude of questions to help you manage, monitor, and identify threats on your devices. 

> If you're just starting out and unsure of what to ask, head to Fleet's [query library](https://fleetdm.com/queries) of common queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're unsure of what to ask, head to Fleet's [query library](https://fleetdm.com/queries). There you'll find common queries that have been tested by members of our community.
```

How to create a query:

1. In the top navigation, select **Queries**.

2. Select **Create new query** to navigate to the query console.

3. In the **Query** field, enter your query. If you're just starting out and unsure of what to ask, head to Fleet's [query library](https://fleetdm.com/queries) of common queries.

4. Select **Save**, enter a name an description for your query, and select **Save query**.

## Run a query

> Run a query as a live query to get answers for all of your online hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a live query to get answers for all of your online hosts.
```

> Offline hosts won’t respond to a live query because they may be shut down, asleep, or not connected to the internet.

How to run a query:

1. In the top navigation, select **Queries**.

2. In the **Queries** table, find the query you'd like to run and select the query's name to navigate to the query console.

3. Select **Run query** to navigate to the target picker. Select **All hosts** and select **Run**. This will run the query against all your hosts.

> The query may take several seconds to complete, because Fleet has to wait for the hosts to respond with results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query may take several seconds to complete because Fleet has to wait for the hosts to respond with results.
```

> Fleet's query response time is inherently variable because of osquery's heartbeat response time. This helps prevent performance issues on hosts.

## Schedule a query

> Fleet allows you to schedule queries. This way these queries will run and send results to your log destination automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet allows you to schedule queries. Scheduled queries will run and send results to your log destination automatically.
```

How to schedule a query:

1. In the top navigation, select **Schedule**.

2. Select **Schedule a query**.

3. Select the **Select query** dropdown and choose the query that you'd like to run on a schedule. 

> 4. Select the **Frequency** dropdown and choose how often you'd like the query to run and send results to your log destination. If you're just starting out and unsure of how often you'd like the query to run, **Every hour** is a good frequency to start. You can change this later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the **Frequency** dropdown and choose how often you'd like the query to run and send results to your log destination. **Every hour** is a good frequency to start. You can change this later.
```

5. Select **Schedule**.

> To see instructions which log destinations are available in Fleet, head to the [osquery logs guide](../Using-Fleet/Osquery-logs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see which log destinations are available in Fleet, head to the [osquery logs guide](../Using-Fleet/Osquery-logs.md).
```

> Fleet's query response time is inherently variable because of osquery's heartbeat response time. This helps prevent performance issues on hosts.

## Schedule a query

Fleet allows you to schedule queries. Scheduled queries will run and send results to your log destination automatically.

The default log destination, **filesystem**, is good to start. With this set, results are sent to the `/var/log/osquery/osqueryd.snapshots.log` file on each host’s filesystem. To see which log destinations are available in Fleet, head to the [osquery logs guide](../Using-Fleet/Osquery-logs.md).

How to schedule a query:

1. In the top navigation, select **Schedule**.

2. Select **Schedule a query**.

3. Select the **Select query** dropdown and choose the query that you'd like to run on a schedule. 

4. Select the **Frequency** dropdown and choose how often you'd like the query to run and send results to your log destination. **Every hour** is a good frequency to start. You can change this later.

5. Select **Schedule**.

## Update agent options

<!-- Heading is kept so that the link from the Fleet UI still works -->
<span id="configuring-agent-options" name="configuring-agent-options"></span>

> Fleet allows you to update the settings of the agent installed on all your hosts, at once. In Fleet, these settings are called "agent options."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet allows you to update the settings of the agent installed on all your hosts at once. In Fleet, these settings are called "agent options."
```
